[workers] add c3 docs (#8831)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/get-started/c3.md

---
title: C3
pcx_content_type: get-started
weight: 2
layout: single
meta:
  title: Create projects with C3 CLI
---

# C3 (create-cloudflare-cli)

C3 (create-cloudflare-cli) is a command-line tool designed to help you setup and deploy new projects to Cloudflare as fast as possible. In addition to speed, it leverages officially developed templates for Workers and framework-specific setup guides to ensure each new project that you setup follows Cloudflare and any third-party best practices for deployment on our network.

## Create a new project

To get started, open a terminal window and run:

```sh
$ npm create cloudflare
```

> This will prompt you to install the [`create-cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-cloudflare) package, and lead you through a setup wizard. Once you've entered the setup wizard, you'll be asked which type of project you would like to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `npm create cloudflare` will prompt you to install the [`create-cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-cloudflare) package, and lead you through a setup wizard. After you have entered the setup wizard, you will be asked which type of project you would like to create.
```

> <!-- Add screenshot  -->

Reviewer: My advice is do not include a terminal screenshot here. It will be outdated very soon. Best practice is to include screenshots with zero to low maintenance, dashboards and terminals are often updated and not good to screenshot. 

I'd recommend inserting a text list that you are confident will require minimal update as C3 evolves.

Also importantly, images slow down our build and we routinely do maintenance to remove as many of them as we can.

> The list of project types includes Workers templates as well as the options for new Pages projects: "Static Site" and "Full Stack Application". If you select either of these options, you'll be asked to select a specific framework for your new project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of project types includes Workers templates and the options for new Pages projects: **Static Site** and **Full Stack Application**. After you select an option for your Pages project, select a framework for your new project.
```

## Full stack application

### Select a framework

C3 will prompt you to choose one of the following full stack frameworks:

> ![C3 supported full stack frameworks](/pages/get-started/images/c3-fullstack-frameworks.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Astro
- Hono
- Next
- Nuxt
- Qwik
- React
- Remix
- Solid
- Svelte
- Vue
```

> Once you select a framework, you will be prompted to install its create package which will lead you through a setup wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you select a framework, you will be prompted to install its `create` package which will lead you through a setup wizard.
```

> <!-- Add screenshot  -->

Reviewer: Same comment as above. List options and possible answers here.

## Static site

> For deploying static sites, C3 currently supports Docusaurus and Gatsby. Just like full stack applications, once you select a framework, you will be prompted to install its create package which will lead you through a setup wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For deploying static sites, C3 currently supports Docusaurus and Gatsby. Just like full stack applications, once you select a framework, you will be prompted to install its `create` package which will lead you through a setup wizard.
```

## Deploy

> Once your project has been configured and scaffolded, you will be asked if you would like to deploy the project to Cloudflare. This is optional. If you choose _not_ to deploy, the project will be created for you locally, and C3 will display some helpful links for further development. You will then need to navigate to the newly created project folder to begin development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your project has been configured, you will be asked if you would like to deploy the project to Cloudflare. This is optional. 

If you choose _not_ to deploy, the project will be created for you locally, and C3 will display some helpful links for further development. Go to the newly created project folder to begin development.
```

> If you choose to deploy, you'll be asked to authenticate (if not logged in already), and your project will be deployed immediately. C3 will display your project's URL and some helpful links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to deploy, you will be asked to authenticate (if not logged in already), and your project will be deployed immediately. C3 will display your project's URL and some helpful links.
```

> <!-- Add screenshot  -->

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

```sh
$ npm create cloudflare
```

Running `npm create cloudflare` will prompt you to install the [`create-cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-cloudflare) package, and lead you through a setup wizard. After you have entered the setup wizard, you will be asked which type of application you would like to create.

The list of applications includes a variety of Workers templates as well as an option to select a web framework.

## Web frameworks

If you choose to create a new application using a web framework, C3 will prompt you to choose one of the following supported frameworks:

- Angular
- Astro
- Docusaurus
- Gatsby
- Hono
- Next
- Nuxt
- Qwik
- React
- Remix
- Solid
- Svelte
- Vue

Select a framework and you will be prompted to install its create package which will lead you through the framework's own setup wizard.

## Deploy

Once your project has been configured, you will be asked if you would like to deploy the project to Cloudflare. This is optional.

If you choose _not_ to deploy, the project will be created for you locally, and C3 will display some helpful links for further development. Go to the newly created project folder to begin development.

> If you choose to deploy, you will be asked to authenticate (if not logged in already), and your project will be deployed immediately. C3 will display your project's URL and some helpful links.

Reviewer: Can you delete the `content/pages/get-started/images/c3-fullstack-frameworks.png` from the Pages images folder, and the folder as well if there is nothing in it?

Author: I removed that image. The folder has others in it.
